When I was in my 20s, I heard prophecies
from indigenous peoples and I hear the Apaches
talk about things that are coming, and
I'd like to share that one.
People who ask us is that, it's just some
hard times coming for the people because Mother
Earth is going to cleanse herself because
there's too many people on the planet.
Some of the technologies are being abused.
You know, our people, the Wars, you know,
all this stuff that's happening on the planet.
I don't know if you want to
call it global warming or whatever.
But these hard times are coming.
And I always tell people that I've seen prophecies
come true in my lifetime, too, and I
always think that there's some that haven't come
true, but if I've seen these ones come
true, why am I questioning whether these other
ones are going to come true or not?